## You can place any doubts that concern us all here..



Questions:



Connection to IRSSI:
-> /connect 127.0.0.1 6667


Issues With Other People's Project

our mode was ignoring channel operator privileges and allowed normal clients to change mode on channels

unfortunately there were case when u open more than one client then u can't use other users 
if u didn't login to the first one u opened with. good luck guys and keep it up

their irc didn't let me login with the same nick when i used the command quit, 
which was a minor issue as he fixed it directly, also when i connect and then 
do ctrl z and try to connect back, they are not handling it and quit that user out, 
also when i open a client connection and a second one at the same time it will crash 
to wait till the 2nd user to finish registration. good luck next time!

there was a small issue of sending chat to channels that you are not in.

The did not handle a client with no name. the server fails for more than 209 clients

with valgrind i found errors they are not handling, that was 5 errors, 
in nc when i do too many ctrl d at the same time it crashes and the server 
never responds again, the client lime chat disconnects after a while as 
they are not handling ping pong commands in the server, when I put my 
nick starts with a (#) I could never receive any privmsg during my time 
in the server, when I disconnect from the client using ctrl z and try to 
enter again, it says my nickname is still there and i am not allowed to 
take it back, so the problem is mainly from the nick and the way they handled it. 
At the end i considered it as a crash cz the client cannot be held forever 
in the server and it disconnects after 2-5 min.

the ones that actually make sense were the memory-related error indicated 
by valgrind, that the nickname stays unavailable after a client exists. 
He also did some overkill tests that are nowhere near the scope of this project, 
also a test that would fail because of bash itsself (multiple CTRL+D's at 
once causes readline, used by bash, to end the stream, so we would need to 
change bash to fix that :D). The ping-pong implementation he wanted from us 
is not specified by the subject pdf or the checklist, and our client 
reconnects anyway, so it wasn't really a problem.









//TODO

when one user join a channel then changed the topic,, if another user join the channel they cant see it.